Apon launching SoundChaser, you have the settings bar at the top which you can use to view and cange your profile, view your
past runs, and read the help menu.



The actual app involes clicking on the "Start Activity" Button. Upon doing so, you enter the distance you wish to run (in
Kilometers), the radius you wish to stay within (if applicable, in Kilometers again), the activity you will be doing (this controls the icon used to mark your postion as well as some constants to regulate how often location is checked, so that it optimizes battery life), as well as if you wish to chose your own custom destinaton or not.



Upon clicking "Start activity" if no custom destination is selected, you will start your activity at the current possition, and end at the same postion (or random position). the randomly generated path will take that into account and create the path from start to finish.



You can click regenerate to create a new path, or click start and begin your activity.



If instead you chose to check the custom destinatiom. when you click start activity, you will be promted with a google map, where you can either enter an adress, or click on the map itself.



If you enter an adress, click Done, and the adress should show up on the map with a finish flag to mark it's position. if this is the correct address you wish to have as your destination, click "confrim and generate", and your path shall be created to start from your current location, to that destination.



If instead you wish to click on the map and select your destination visually, once you have a destination, click "confirm and generate". and your path shall be created to start from your current location, to that destinatuon. Click start, and your acitivty will begin.



Once the activity has begun, it will start a timer to keep track of the time, as well as track your location and path, both in the foreground, and the background.



The app works while the screen is off or when the app is in the background, and creates a notification which can be clicked to return you to the activity at any time.



Once you're done with your activity, click end, and your run will be saved, and can be viewed anytime from the view data screen.



Unfortunately, Sound Navigation isn't available yet